10 minutes and 5 minutes is enough, do you hear me?
He said five minutes was enough.
It's up to you.
Haha, appear in front of me within 10 minutes.
Hahaha
You did a great job.
For the sake of your serious acting
Don't make it difficult for you
Don't you just want to beg for food?
Take it and go to the intersection to buy a fried rice to eat
Why is there not enough money?
I'll give you another ten dollars
Take a good shower
Wash off the poor sour taste on your body
Humph
What do you want?
I asked someone to hit you Xiao Chen
Today is the big day for loneliness, don't do it
An inferior person is an inferior person
Not only poor, but also concealed
Xiao Chen, I know you are good to me
But you mustn't hurt yourself
I will feel sorry if you are hurt.